Need to test:
ETA
Notification


The confirmation from the supplier should be a pop up, compress it a bit, and it's a pop up for the whole page, meaning it's also a pop up for the sidebar so it's not just showing in the middle

Also, for the rejection, it should be notify the admin and planners, like I tried and rejecting it, in the latest handoffs, it says blah blah confirmed even tho I rejected it and added a reason. Also for the latest handoff, it has a logo on the side right? Can you add a color coding design for it? like in the movement of each entries, it has like color coding right, put it there. So also add a color whenerver the supplier rejected or confirmed the delivery, also make the overview a bit bigger, the text are too small. So for the rejected, it will show as well in latest hands off, then just another section beside the SDS Workflow/Import, about the Confirmed and Rejected entries, separating each and in color coding. So like if they Confirmed, it will showcase it there, from latest to oldest confirmed, then the rejected there too. If the entry is already on the trip or above, it will be gone from the schedule delivery, and only those that hasn't had their time yet to delivery will only show.

I also notice for the supplier, they have unnecessary access to other info. Like in the History, they can pick the supplier, see all outcomes, also filter time, like remove these 4.

For the accounts:
No one can see the latest handsoff of the admin, like creating acc or something.

Also all acc cannot see sds workflow/imports, just the calendar for it.

the driver has access to all data, remove that access, instead when making an account, you will have to put the Supplier company, it's going to be a drop down for all the possible suppliers, then if you pick one, only see the Scan, Monitoring (for their company only), the Schedule (for theior company only), History (for their company only), Reports (for their company only), basically they wont be able to alter anything, just checking their own delivery/data

For production, remove the being able to add schedule

For the security, only show Monitoring, Schedule, and Scan

For the warehouse, remove the sds imports, only add the schedule

For the email section, remove it in env, just make it so the planner and admin can add an email, then admin's emil can send a verification code to that email and verify (this will then connect the account to that specific email), just make sure this is well hidden and protected with security that it will never be leaked

then we gotta try the eta soon so prepare for that


